for each segment choose the designated picture for each card. 
90% Silver Coins
Buying coin collections Athens, Tennessee trusted coin dealer. Coin Buyer near me
90% Silver coins are US Half Dollars, Quarters, and Dimes minted 1964 and earlier. These coins are sometimes referred to as “Junk” silver due to them having no collectible or numismatic value other than their precious metal content. Despite the name, these coins are sought after for their bullion value and are a popular choice among investors and silver stacker. for this use the picture silver.png

Jewerly
Coin buyer near me. coin appraisal near me coin shop near me coin shops near me Coin buyer Cleveland
 We are buyers of all gold and sterling silver jewerly. Seeking 10K, 14K, 18k, 22K, and 24K gold. for this use jewelry.png

 Currency
Coin buyer near me coin appraisal near me coin shop near me coin shops near me Coin buyer chattanoog
 There has been thousands of different bills and notes produced in the United States. Some of the most sought after bills are from the 1800s with even the early 1900s carrying a significant premium depending on condition. (for this segment use currency.png)

 Rare Coins
Coin buyer near me. coin appraisal near me coin shop near me coin shops near me Coin buyer Cleveland
We are actively buying and selling all types of scarce U.S. coins- from Large Cents and Barber Quarters to Morgan Dollars and Gold Coins.

A "Rare Coin" is typically any coin that carries a substantial premium over its metal content or face value, often due to low mintage, historical significance, or strong collector demand. Examples include the low mintage 1916-D Mercury Dime and the famous Three-Legged Buffalo Nickel.  (for this use rarecoins.png)

Complete Estate Buyouts
Coin buyer near me. coin appraisal near me coin shop near me coin shops near me Coin buyer Cleveland
We specialize in purchasing entire estates -from small collector sets to lifelong hoards. Bring us your collection as is and we will handle all the sorting and evaluation on the spot. Once complete, we'll present you with a guaranteed cash offer on the spot with no obligation.

(for this use buyouts.png)